Abstract
The present invention relates to a preparation technology of 
piperic-acid health-care wine which uses pepper or piper longum 
as raw material, and it is extracted and mixed with wine to obtain
the product which not only possesses wine flavour, but also possesses
the medicinal health-care active of pepper or piper longum. 
It can prevent the rise of blood serum cholesterol and formation
of choleithiasis.


Description
The preparation technology of health-care peperic acid wine
The present invention relates to the preparation technology of 
health-care peperic acid wine, relate to a kind of the extraction
specifically and form, contain the preparation technology of the
health promoting wine of piperinic acid by pepper or piper longum.
At present, along with improving constantly of people's living 
standard, the requirement of quality of life is also risen thereupon.
Wine is as a kind of beverage, both has been adapted at the spare 
time presenting friends when festival celebration that also suits 
of drinking with snacks.Especially health promoting wine, it not 
only has the aromatic good to eat of wine, also has some 
pharmacology health-care effect simultaneously.For masses like widely 
and accept.Though constantly occur new variety on the market, but 
still can not satisfy large market demand in recent years.
For example the gen-seng grape wine that has just occurred on the
market has been subjected to warm welcome once going on the market.
Vast love wine personage makes the renewal of drinks kind become a 
kind of necessity to the requirement of new variety, also has higher 
requirement for the personnel that work in the drinks development field.
The object of the present invention is to provide and a kind ofly 
extract the preparation technology of the health-care peperic acid 
wine that piperinic acid forms to enrich market and to satisfy vast 
demand by pepper or piper longum.
The object of the present invention is achieved like this: it is a 
raw material by piperaceae Piper plant, is mixed with and forms with 
wine after extracting, and it is characterized in that by following 
method preparation:
Get pepper or piper longum and put among the dehydrated alcohol dipping 
3-7 days, reclaim ethanol, salad oil and the dehydrated alcohol of extract 
being put into same ratio extract, separate in refrigeration chamber, 
get alcohol layer, fling to ethanol, place crystallization, filter, 
crystallization is added among the 10%NaOH, and heated 2 hours, filter, 
the gained crystallization washes with water to neutrality, promptly gets 
piperinic acid, it is added in the wine promptly get a kind of health-care 
peperic acid wine.
The present invention compared with prior art, it not only has the aromatic 
palatability of wine, also has the pharmacology health-care effect of pepper 
or piper longum simultaneously, but the prophylactic serum cholesterol 
raises and cholelithiasis forms.
Further specify the present invention below in conjunction with embodiment

Embodiment 1
Get pepper 2kg and put into 2kg dehydrated alcohol dipping 4 days, 
reclaim ethanol.Salad oil and each 0.5kg of dehydrated alcohol of extract 
being put into same ratio extract, and separate in refrigeration chamber, 
get alcohol layer, fling to ethanol, place crystallization, filter, 
crystallization is added among the 10%NaOH100ml, and heated 2 hours, to filter, 
the gained crystallization washes with water to neutrality.
Promptly get piperinic acid, will promptly get a kind of health-care peperic 
acid wine in its adding grape wine.

Embodiment 2
Get pepper 2kg and put into 2kg dehydrated alcohol dipping 6 days, 
reclaim ethanol.Salad oil and each 0.5kg of dehydrated alcohol of extract 
being put into same ratio extract, and separate in refrigeration chamber, 
get alcohol layer, fling to ethanol, place crystallization, filter, 
crystallization is added among the 10%NaOH100ml, and heated 2 hours, to filter, 
the gained crystallization washes with water to neutrality.
Promptly get piperinic acid, will promptly get a kind of health-care peperic 
acid wine in its adding liquor.
